"We have approximately 20-25 structures still standing, and the rest are gone,"
officials with the Idanha-Detroit Rural Fire Protection District said on their Facebook page.
In this aerial view from a drone, homes destroyed by wildfire are seen on September 12, 2020 in Talent, Oregon.
City hall, where the fire department's district office is based, was one of many buildings that burned down.
"Our primary focus is protecting the structures that are still standing," the officials said on their Facebook page.
"Several of our firefighters have also lost their homes.
They are working through their own losses while also fighting to protect homes still intact."
Residents Elizabeth Smith lost everything in the wildfires.
"Our homes are absolutely destroyed.
I've seen a few videos and photos and my lovely little house that we remodeled 12 years ago in this beautiful canyon area is absolutely flattened.
It looks as though a bomb went off," Smith told CNN affiliate KATU-TV.
Detb oit Mayor Jim Trett compared his city's devastation with that of Paradise, California, which was destroyed in the Camp Fire two years ago.
"It's the same topography: three canyons coming down like a funnel into the city of Paradise at the bottom of the funnel," Trett told KATU.
"When I heard that two years ago I said, that's Detroit."
Beth Deleo holds her dog as Ben Quaempts loads donated items into their fan at the Milwaukie-Portland Elks Lodge,
Sunday, September 13, 2020, in Oak Grove, Oregon.
Major fires spanning several states have burned 4.6 million acres, national fire officials say.
That's an area roughly equivalent to Connecticut and Rhode Island combined.
While the 94 major blazes are burning mostly in rural and forested areas,
major cities along the West Coast -- Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle and Portland, Oregon, among them -- are also feeling the impact.
Smoke from the blazes is making air quality unhealthy, which can irritate lungs,
cause inflammation and affect the immune system, heightening the risk of lung infections such as coronavirus.
In Oakland, California, where many businesses and facilities are closed because of statewide Covid-19 precautions,
officials have opened "clean air centers" for those with nowhere else to go, CNN affiliate KGO reporte
